All right.
So as I mentioned in the previous lesson, the complimentary property that Vue router adds to every
component is a router.
So right here we don't have to change anything in the results view.
We can just change this property to a router with an R at the end.
Save this and take a look at this in our browser.
And what this actually is, is the router object that we are exporting from our router index file.
So the reason why Vue makes it available here in every component is to spare us the monotony of having
to import the router every time we need to use it.
So it's available in every component.
We just access it via the this keyword and then accessing that dollar sign router property.
So if I navigate back to my browser and take a look at my console.log on my job results page, here
is that object.
And if I expand it, we're going to see a whole bunch of methods.
So what is the difference between root and root term, the root property and that corresponding object
stores information about where you are?
What page are you on?
What are the query params?
What is the name of that root?
In comparison, the router is the actual tool that allows you to navigate a user elsewhere in the app.
So this is where we can actually take some kind of action with root.
It's really meant to be used almost like a read only object.
You're only supposed to get information from it in order to do something in your component.
Here, we can invoke methods on this router object in order to navigate the user, for example, to
a previous root.
Here's a back method to the next root, which is forward to a specific root, which we'll see how to
do in the next lesson.
The point is that there's a bunch of helper methods here to help you navigate the user in a given component.
And the way this works, of course, is by connecting this logic to a component's logic.
So for example, if a component renders a button, you can add a V on directive to that button to react
to a button click.
And when the user clicks, that button is when you can invoke a method on the this dot router object
to force a navigation to another route, which then will trigger the corresponding component to render
there.
All right, so these two properties of root and router are available on any component in our app, and
we can use them for various use cases which we will explore over the course of the upcoming lessons.
All right.
So the very next lesson, we're going to see how we can use one of these sample methods on the router
object to navigate the user to a different view.